You already know what it is (ah)
We got another one boy (A-T-L)
Yeah, (just throw it in the bag)
What's up Brooklyn? What's up son?
(What's up Fabo?)
Aye man, I got that black AmEx with me
A.K.A. that "Throw It In The Bag" card
(Radio Killa), yeah

Now I know you ain't over there staring at my girl
Yeah, I know you ain't over there staring at my girl
Nigga, I know you don't call yourself hollering at my girl
Now I know you don't call yourself hollering at my girl
I keep her in Louboutin, Louis Vuitton
Gucci down to her feet, yup, just like me
I'm the one, with them ones
Fuck the price on the tag, just throw it in the bag

Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh
Just throw it in the bag

Ladies, y'all ready to go shopping?
Neiman Marcus on me and all that?
Yeah, come on then

Look at price tags, where they do that at?
Heard that in A-T-L, when I'm in A-T-L
Just ask my baby gal, I treat that lady well
Ain't nothing so-so, and I know J.D. well
A couple Benzes, black, white, gray C.L
Got niggas looking like, "Did we miss a Mercedes sale?"
Don't wonder what I do, just know they pay me well
They keep that Gucci and that Louis on my labi-el's
That's the way we feel -- must be nice, man
You with the right man, you ain't gotta price scan
Or ask how much, now what I look like?
Son I'm from Brooklyn -- what it look like?
You get it cause I got it, I got it so you get it
In Miami they say, "Don't stop, get it, get it"
Mami do the Speedy, daddy do the duffle
Bag full of chips, we ain't talking Ruffles


See, I know what I'mma tell her
The same thing that the bank robber told the teller --
Just throw it in the bag
That's the way it supposed to be
A real nigga 'posed to help you out with the groceries
Just throw it in the bag
Paper or plastic, it's safer to ask it
So dead that nigga, I will pay for the casket
That Remy Mar' got him spitting plenty bars
Broke ass nigga, couldn't buy the mini bar
So get with Loso, he ain't got to know so
Such a gentleman, dozen bottles of that Rose Mo'
Oh you got a man? Well, you need a richer one
Meet me in the parking lot, the plates say "GET U 1"
Meet me at the register, I'm there on the regular
Them niggas price checking, you can help them in a second
As we proceed to give you what you need
Like we breaking down the weed
Shorty, throw it in the bag