(Turn me up, YC)

Huh? (What?)
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit, but they still ain't sayin' nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy ho said somethin' (Ah)
How it goes, when I'm talkin, you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)

Hundreds and fifties, can't swap a dime for a penny
You know that's a stupid decision (Yup)
Headfirst with it
I shot a shot at my nigga bitch, really didn't think before I did it (No)
Make it make sense (Please)
Luckily, I was on point with the last ho, kept my receipts (Why?)
Warranty good, made sure I got a full refund when I gave her back to the streets (Go)
Forever I rep, put the set on the chain
I'm thuggin', you already know how I came (Know how)
Yeah, he got money, but niggas be lame
I Lambo'd her life, told her, "Get out that Range"
Her mani and pedi same color as my teeth (White)
She got a blue check and a check without me (Nice)
Hood nigga ridin' in a foreign on E (Still)
Sick of these niggas, COVID-19 (Ugh)
Karate’d the wock, he tryna kick the cup  (Shake it)
Came up like Giannis, I get bigger bucks (Made it)
Got four different choppers, right there in this truck (Now)
I'm just being honest, I could get you touched (Brr)
Put you in the blender, I could get you slushed (Haha)
I see the comments but really unbothered
I know it's hurtin', she salty, I scarred her
Beware what you lay up and say to these bitches, they can't hold water (Period)

Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit, but they still ain't sayin' nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy ho said somethin' (Ah)
How it goes, when I'm talkin, you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)

I thought a nigga who watch what I do
But he can't get his bitch back said somethin' (Tough)
Is it true that he postin' another nigga money?
Probably, I don't put that past him (Maybe so)
I thought a ho that be speakin' on me
But be fuckin' a broke nigga said somethin' (Listen)
Hol' up, lil' bitch, get a nigga that's lit
I'm the whole loaf, he the breadcrumbs (Go)
Rappers with their mixed feelings (What?)
I ain't fuckin' with 'em (Nope)
Like a Richard Mille, let me know what time it is
Bagg, where the Runtz at? (Huh?) Know you got it on you '
'Posed to be smell-proof, bussin' out the vacuum seal
These niggas lil' boys, childish, Fisher Price
Confident, I'm not cocky, so get it right
She bendin' over, but I want some head first
I don't even wanna know what the pussy like
Trippin' too close to fallin', so I'm ballin'
It's crazy, my opp got shot but I ain't call it (Sike, slow up)
I come around, niggas gon' put they ho up
These bitches stay on my channel, yeah
Must've seen me on TV, yeah
It took me six hours to count a mil' exactly, I'm accurate with the cheese, yeah (Big Bagg)

Huh? (What?)
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit, but they still ain't sayin' nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy ho said somethin' (Ah)
How it goes, when I'm talkin, you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)